--------------------------------------------------------
TEXT TO BE USED IN SITE
--------------------------------------------------------

>> About Us 
Since our founding 23 years ago, with the purchase of a state-of-the-art Ferris, the company has enjoyed tremendous success. The Caruso brothers, our experienced and insightful leaders, bring a lifetime of carnival operations knowledge to each and every one of our engagements. The integrity and reliability of our operations, built over a lifetime, is testified to by our decades long relationship with many of North America's largest and oldest events.  Our route stretches from across the Texas Gulf Coast to West Texas and the South Plains.

>> Attractions
The actual presentation of our midway is a vital component of our success.  We pay strict attention to every detail in an effort to assure our event will provide the public with maximum entertainment.
The Texas Mardi Gras midway includes a variety of the most popular carnival foods, tastefully presented to please every palate. We also feature games of skill and chance designed to suit players of all ages and interests.  There are even special games for children that guarantee a prize with every play ensuring that everyone goes home with a smile on their face!
Our family-friendly environment features clean, well maintained, state-of-the-art ride equipment, operated by trained and competent personnel.  Our fabulous flashing light and color displays, and exciting music all combine to furnish the ultimate in thrilling carnival experience.  Our wide selection of amusement rides feature rides for patrons of all ages.  From the thrill seekers to junior riders, we have you covered. 
Aside from rides, games, and food, Amusements of America fills the grounds with customer amenities including shaded rest areas with benches and picnic tables, misting fans for hot summer days, and photo opportunity areas with character cut-outs.  

>> Bookings
Amusements of America offers your organization the opportunity to work in partnership with a proven, time-tested fundraiser. We service domestic markets across Texas. 
Over 20  years of experience helping charitable and civic organizations reach their goals has given us the insight needed to plan and execute successful events. Your organization need only provide permission for the use of a suitable location with access to a water source. Following this, it becomes a turnkey operation for you. We supply everything. From liability insurance naming your organization and any other parties involved, to the necessary permits. From amusement rides, games and food, to the experienced personnel required for their operation. From cleanup and crowd control to marketing support, we do it all!

>>Contact
Are you interested in contacting Texas Mardi Gras Entertainment about providing amusement rides and attractions for your venue?   If so, please complete the booking inquiry form below:
Contact Information
 
Name:
Title:
Company/Organization:
Address:
City, State, ZIP:
Phone:
Fax:
Email:
 
Event information
 
Name of Event:
Event Dates:
Address of Event:
City and State of Event:
Midway Lot Dimensions:
 
>> ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Learn the lingo
Here are a few basic terms you'll want to know before you don a mask and head out for your first Carnival experience.
•	Mardi Gras. This is French for "Fat Tuesday," a reference to the fact that Mardi Gras always is the day before Ash Wednesday, the beginning of Lent in the Catholic faith. Because the 40 days of Lent are considered a somber period of sacrifice, Fat Tuesday is seen by many as an appropriate time for indulgence and festivity – a last chance at revelry. Nowhere in the United States is Mardi Gras celebrated as it is in Louisiana.
•	Carnival. This word is not interchangeable with "Mardi Gras." Carnival refers to the whole period of time leading up to Fat Tuesday. The Carnival season officially begins on the Feast of the Epiphany. This date is also known as Twelfth Night (12 days after Christmas). Festivities kick off on a small scale at this time, then gradually pick up steam, peaking with many parades, balls and parties on the final two weekends before Mardi Gras.
•	Krewe. This is a Carnival organization made up of members who plan and carry out the various themed parades and balls. The Krewe of Rex, for instance, honors the "king" of Carnival and stages a spectacular, traditional parade on Mardi Gras, along with an elaborate ball later that night. In keeping with the "mystical" tradition of Carnival, some of the oldest krewes keep their membership shrouded in secrecy. This is why  krewes require members to wear masks during parades. (Wearing masks and costumes is also part of the fun for everyone else.) In addition to their Carnival activities, many krewes also participate in charitable efforts throughout the year.
•	Parade. OK, everybody knows what this is, but if you haven't seen a Mardi Gras parade, well, you haven't really seen a parade. For New Orleans parades, krewes build huge, elaborate floats that carry riders who may number in the dozens. The spectacle of these events is something to behold, and spectators get a bonus thrill as float riders toss loads of colorful trinkets along the way.
•	Throws. We call the parade trinkets "throws." The most common throws are strings of plastic beads that parade goers love to collect and wear around their necks as "trophies" from their parade experience. Each krewe usually also throws medallions, small toys or plastic cups imprinted with the krewe logo. 
•	Purple, green and gold. These are the "official" colors of Mardi Gras, and you'll see them everywhere. According to some Carnival historians, purple represents justice, green, faith, and gold, power.
•	King Cake. You'll want to sample this Carnival tradition for sure. Sweet dough twisted and shaped into an oblong is heavily decorated with icing and purple, green and gold sugar crystals. King cake is actually more bread than cake. Be alert: By tradition, a plastic baby is "hidden" in every king cake, and if you happen to find it in your slice, you are responsible for providing the next king cake for the party! Add this king cake recipe to your celebrations.

>> Text for photos
•	kingcake.jpg Have you tried King Cake?
•	experience.jpg Experience Mardi Gras like New Orleans.
•	costumes.jpg Grab your costumes and join the Mardi Gras party.
•	krew.jpg The Krew rolls through the carnival to celebrate Mardi Gras.
•	bacchus.jpg The Krewe of Bacchus parade will not disappoint as it rolls.
•	three.jpg Don your masks and costumes for the Mardi Gras parties.

>> Rides available
1.	Alien Abduction
2.	ATVs
3.	Baja Buggies
4.	Balloon Wheel
5.	Carousel
6.	Cliff Hanger
7.	Crystal Lils
8.	Storm
9.	Tornado